Let's take a look at this code starting at the top with the very first line,
import turtle. Now what could that mean?
In English, import means to bring something in from somewhere
else like importing cookies from Denmark or coffee from Peru,
and we've heard that turtle is a name for
this imaginary robot that can draw on the screen.
So, maybe this line is bringing us a turtle from somewhere.
For now, you probably have no idea where
the turtle is coming from and that's completely okay,
it's probably not from Peru.
Next, the story seems to be introducing a character named George.
The second line says George equals turtle.Turtle.
It kind of sounds like this is saying George is
equal to a turtle or maybe a double turtle.
Usually in English, we'd say that George is a turtle.
Let's experiment with the code and see what we can figure out.
Something we can do if we don't know what the code does
yet is to try changing things and see what happens.
For instance, there might not be
any particular reason this turtle has to be named George.
Let's try changing the turtle's name from George to something else like Amy.